# GrimoireLab 1.19.0-rc.1
The following list describes the changes by component:

  ## grimoirelab-toolkit 1.2.5rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## kidash 1.1.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 1.13.0rc1 - (2026-01-21)

**New features:**

 * Redis SSL support via environment variables (#985)\
   Adds support for secure Redis connections over SSL. It can be
   configured using the following environment variables.
   SORTINGHAT_REDIS_SSL, SORTINGHAT_REDIS_SSL_CERT_REQS,
   SORTINGHAT_REDIS_SSL_CA_CERTS, SORTINGHAT_REDIS_SSL_CERTFILE,
   SORTINGHAT_REDIS_SSL_KEYFILE.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Last run of scheduled tasks (#1018)\
   The information about the last run of scheduled tasks on the user
   interface was not coherent when there was more than one 'affiliate'
   and 'unify' task. Now, the system only allows to schedule one
   recurrent task of each of those types and the user interface shows the
   correct date.
 * Reopen "Add organization" modal after closing it (#1023)\
   The "Add organization" dialog would not open again after closing it by
   clicking outside of it.
 * Auto fill login details with password managers (#1034)\
   Some password managers were unable to auto fill the login form.
 * Show errors when the tables are not empty\
   The user interface did not show any error messages when the
   individuals and organizations tables had items.

**Performance improvements:**

 * Faster loading times for the list of individuals\
   Improve the performance of the individuals query, reducing the loading
   time of the table.

  ## cereslib 1.1.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies

  ## perceval 1.4.5rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-mozilla 1.2.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 1.1.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 1.1.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 1.1.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 1.2.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoire-elk 1.7.0rc1 - (2026-01-21)

**New features:**

 * Onion study output index naming update\
   The Onion study now uses date based index names, ensuring previous
   data remains available while a new study runs or if it fails.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Unique BugzillaREST ids\
   Bugzilla IDs now include a prefix to ensure uniqueness and avoid
   conflicts across item types.

  ## sirmordred 1.2.6rc1 - (2026-01-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
